chore: update CSP docs for v5.9.2 (#11868)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/experimental-flags/csp.mdx

---

> title: Experimental Content Security Policy (CSP)

Author: The reason I added `CSP` is that it helps with the search. I searched CSP and couldn't find the page cc @sarah11918

Enabling this feature adds additional security to **Astro's handling of processed and bundled scripts and styles** by default, and allows you to further configure these, and additional, content types.

> This experimental CSP feature has some limitations. Inline scripts are not supported out of the box, but you can [provide your own hashes](#hashes) for external and inline scripts. [Astro's view transitions](/en/guides/view-transitions/) using the `<ClientRouter />` aren't supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This experimental CSP feature has some limitations. Inline scripts are not supported out of the box, but you can [provide your own hashes](#hashes) for external and inline scripts. [Astro's view transitions](/en/guides/view-transitions/) using the `<ClientRouter />` are not supported, but you can [consider migrating to the browser native View Transition API](https://events-3bg.pages.dev/jotter/astro-view-transitions/) instead if you are not using Astro's enhancements to the native View Transitions and Navigation APIs.
```
Just thought it would be nice to provide this option here, since it's possible some will value CSP more than the `<ClientRouter />`, and we are also updating the View Transitions page to encourage people to consider whether they still even need this component at all anymore,

> This experimental CSP feature has some limitations. Inline scripts are not supported out of the box, but you can [provide your own hashes](#hashes) for external and inline scripts. Since v5.9.2, [Astro's view transitions](/en/guides/view-transitions/) using the `<ClientRouter />` are not supported anymore.

Reviewer 2: I'd just say it's not supported. We don't need to preserve the fact that it was supposedly supported but didn't work for a few days
